IfcDiscreteAccessory Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:41:33.5120880Z (#187)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/i/IsInsulated_0Eq$IgBvz97uWvPsoTH$G9/Documentation.md

> Indicates whether the support bracket is insulated or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates whether the element is insulated or not.
```
